Update v5.5.1.md (#4415)
concourse/concourse: release-notes/v5.5.1.md

  size](https://github.com/concourse/concourse/releases#v550-note-9) were
  appearing on the `web` job in the BOSH release, they were not properly being
  passed to concourse. Now they are! concourse/concourse-bosh-release#57.

#### <sub><sup><a name="v551-note-3895" href="#v551-note-3895">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature

> * Usability enhancement: Adds web runtime flag `CONCOURSE_SECRET_CACHE_DURATION_NOTFOUND` to set a

Reviewer: Let's give the contributor credit!
```suggestion
* Usability enhancement: @ralekseenkov added a web runtime flag `CONCOURSE_SECRET_CACHE_DURATION_NOTFOUND` to set a
```

  separate caching interval when a secret is not successfully found in the config store.

>   Defaults to 10s. Addresses [#3895](https://github.com/concourse/concourse/issues/3895).

Reviewer: been in the habit of mentioning the PR that did it
```suggestion
  Defaults to 10s. Addresses [#3895](https://github.com/concourse/concourse/issues/3895) #4009.
```
